First, we'd like you to meet Aynura.
She's a single sister who faces persecution for an extended period of time.
But today, she has truly lived up to the word stated in Psalm 68-11.
Jehovah gives the command.
The women proclaiming the good news are a large army.
I was born in Kazakhstan.
When I was 14 years old,
we moved to the country of my family.
And people there are very prejudiced.
They don't like when somebody chose his own way of living.
When I was 18, a classmate told me about Armageddon.
I was frightened a little bit in the beginning.
But I wanted to learn more.
And I started to read publications of Jehovah's Witnesses that she gave me.
And from the beginning, I realized that I found people that I was looking for,
people without prejudice, without pride, different nationalities,
but living in different countries.
And that was like taking a deep breath of hope.
But my family was not very happy.
So several times when I tried to read Bible at home,
but hiding in the corner or somewhere,
they didn't want me to go to the meetings,
even to keep in touch with my friends with no one.
So they kept me at home for several months.
Because of this, I had to keep in secret my going to the meetings.
I was very scared.
They wanted me to be like other people.
They threw away all my literature
and they burned my Bible.
My friends told me about the love they saw at the conventions.
So I wanted to experience this.
But I knew that my family would never allow me to go there.
So I wrote a letter and left knowing what would happen when I come home.
But a brother, the convention, he told me,
if I give up, my family would never had any chance to come to the truth.
Over the next several years,
persecution got even worse.
All that I was baptized and pioneering,
I felt that I couldn't make any spiritual progress anymore.
This dress affected my health,
creating brush over my skin.
There were days when I wanted just to close my eyes and never wake up.
But Jehovah did not forget about me when I thought that I had no strength
to continue to grow spiritually.
I got an assignment in special full-time service.
As if Jehovah reached in, put his arms around me
and pulled out of my circumstances.
And he gave me freedom.
I was like a bird.
I had no fear anymore and could serve Jehovah freely as I wanted to.
I could freely go to the meetings.
I could read literature, publication, at home.
I could go to the service without fearing what can happen when I come back.
And I could go to the conventions.
Jehovah gave me a blessing that I never thought about.
To be a student of the 100 to the 8 class of Gilead.
And now I'm here.
And for all single sisters, I would like to say that Jehovah never forgets
every little thing that you do for him.
He will help you to progress.
He can use anybody anywhere to do his will.
I still do things by myself.
But with Jehovah, I'm not alone.